Census updates (#5591)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/data_and_infrastructure_agility/workflow_automation/census.md

# Census

> > [Census][1] is a data activation platform that connects cloud data warehouses like Snowflake and BigQuery to Braze. Marketing teams can unlock the power of their first-party data to build dynamic audience segments; sync customer attributes to personalize campaigns, and keep all their data in Braze up-to-date. It's easier than ever to take action with trusted, actionable data — no CSV uploads or engineering favors required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [Census][1] is a data activation platform that connects cloud data warehouses like Snowflake and BigQuery to Braze. Marketing teams can unlock the power of their first-party data to build dynamic audience segments, sync customer attributes to personalize campaigns, and keep all their data in Braze up-to-date. It's easier than ever to take action with trusted, actionable data — no CSV uploads or engineering favors required.
```

> The Braze and Census integration allows you to dynamically import audiences or product data into Braze to send personalized campaigns. For example, you can create a cohort in Braze for 'Newsletter subscribers with CLV >1000' to target high-value customers or 'Users Active in the Last 30 Days' to target specific users to test an upcoming beta feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Braze and Census integration allows you to dynamically import audiences or product data into Braze to send personalized campaigns. For example, you can create a cohort in Braze for "Newsletter subscribers with CLV > 1000" to target high-value customers or "Users Active in the Last 30 Days" to target specific users to test an upcoming beta feature.
```
